###What does OpenSprites know about me?
####The stuff you tell us...
When you make an account on our site, we need some basic information so we can set up your account. We require the user-name of your Scratch account, a new password, and your email address. We need your email address to send password resets and confirm your account. We promise never to sell, rent or tell anyone your email unless forced to do so by law. When you upload something to our site, we remember the original name of the file, and who uploaded it. This is so other users can search for your file quickly.
####The stuff your computer tells us automatically...
When you connect to any website, anywhere on the web, your computer will always send a unique number to the computer you are connecting to. This number is called an Internet Protocol Address, but everyone calls it an IP because it's less of a mouthful. We use this unique number to identify you across the site so our computers still know that you are the user we think you are. We also use these numbers to blacklist users who severely break our Community Rules so we can keep the site safe and happy. We also collect some limited information about your computer that your browser sends us. A browser is software that you read and download web-pages with. An operating system is core software that runs your computer. You may know it to be called Windows, Linux, or Mac OS. We get sent: your browser name and version, plus your operating system name and version. This is not personal information, and it cannot be used to match your computer to your user-name.
####What does OpenSprites do with my information?
We keep it safe from prying eyes. The IP address we mentioned is logged in a file only accessible to trusted administrators and information about your computer are also in a password protected area. We promise never to ever share details about your setup (Operating System, Browser, IP address) with anyone else out of the OpenSprites administrator team unless forced to do so by law. We use your Operating System and Browser information to help us understand what type device people use OpenSprites on, and how to improve their experience on the site. For example, if 10% of users use OpenSprites on a mobile phone, we can adjust our website to fit their screen. We stored your unique password you made when you created your account in a secure, encrypted database which only trusted administrators has access to. Your email address is also stored in this password protected, secure database.
####I've heard about <del>Granny</del>Cookies, does OpenSprites place these on my computer?
If you pardon the pun, a cookie is a small piece of harmless text that most websites place on your computer. This text is usually used by most sites to identify you across their site. We use cookies to keep you logged in without you needing to enter your password again. We also use cookies to make sure that you don't see a notice more than once. If you want to clear your cookies, <a href="http://www.wikihow.com/Clear-Your-Browser%27s-Cookies">this</a> how-to may explain how.

Easy read privacy policy revision one. Originally written by cheeseeater on 08/02/2015, adapted on 18/04/2015. Most recent edits by cheeseeater on 18/04/2015 The OpenSprites Team reserves the right to change, modify, remove and add text to this document without prior notice. This policy is subject to change.
